News & Analysis | Yahoo News Canada Yahoo Search Search Mail News Follow Us Originals On Canada Project Opinion COVID-19 Canada World Business Entertainment Weather Sports Science Videos Woman became closer than ever to dad on Europe trip A week before their 10-day trip to Portugal, a woman's ex broke up with her. 'It was really fun' » 112-year-old credited life to a low-cholesterol diet 'The Beanie Bubble' goes back to '90s Beanie Babies How Loblaw is dealing with 'professional thieves' News The Canadian Press Parts of B.C. town under evacuation order as wildfire crosses U.S.-Canada border An evacuation order for more than 700 properties has been issued for the Town of Osoyoos after an out-of-control wildfire crossed into British Columbia from Washington. The Eagle Bluff wildfire is about four kilometres from the town in the southern Okanagan Valley adjacent to the U.S. border and has so far scorched 8.85 square kilometres of land. In addition to the evacuation order, the Regional District of Okanagan-Similkameen says an alert is in effect for more than 2,000 properties to be read Evacuation order upgraded from alert for parts of southern BC due to nearby wildfire The Canadian Press Wildfire near U.S.-Canada border forces evacuation Winnipeg Free Press Politics The Canadian Press Who's in, who's out: A look at which candidates have qualified for the 1st GOP presidential debate COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — With less than a month to go until the first Republican presidential debate of the 2024 campaign, seven candidates say they have met qualifications for a spot on stage in Milwaukee. But that also means that about half the broad GOP field is running short on time to make the cut. To qualify for the Aug. 23 debate, candidates needed to satisfy polling and donor requirements set by the Republican National Committee: at least 1% in three high-quality national polls or a mix of News The Canadian Press RCMP in British Columbia lifts Amber Alert after two missing children located safe SURREY, B.C. — Mounties in British Columbia said Saturday night they are relieved that the two children who were subjects of an Amber Alert issued about 10 days ago have been located safely. Surrey RCMP say the children were located safe Saturday evening and are being reunited with their family after they were allegedly abducted by their mother earlier this month. "We recognize that many have been following this investigation closely since the Amber Alert was issued," police spokeswoman Cpl. Van News The Canadian Press Anchorage homeless face cold and bears. A plan to offer one-way airfare out reveals a bigger crisis ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — Shawn Steik and his wife were forced from a long-term motel room onto the streets of Anchorage after their rent shot up to $800 a month. Now they live in a tent encampment by a train depot, and as an Alaska winter looms they are growing desperate and fearful of what lies ahead. A proposal last week by Anchorage Mayor Dave Bronson to buy one-way plane tickets out of Alaska’s biggest city for its homeless residents gave Steik a much-needed glimmer of hope. He would move to News CBC People left scrambling after Brandon encampment dismantled When the encampment Kat Salmon had been living in for months in Brandon was recently torn down, she lost much more than her home."They destroyed a whole bunch of our stuff," Salmon said. "My tent was wrecked, the poles were wrecked. One of my laptops, one of my neighbour's laptops were wrecked. A bunch of other stuff was missing and wrecked. We're not happy."Salmon, who has been living on the streets of Brandon for six years, had most recently been living at a campsite with four others near the News CBC Two charged with murder after Saturday homicide near Bishop Lake Two people are facing second-degree murder charges after a 22-year-old victim was found dead near Bishop Lake, northwest of Kingston.Ontario Provincial Police (OPP) said in a news release that 39-year-old Cory Finch of Marmora, Ont., and 41-year-old Michelle Lee Finch of Stone Mills Township, Ont., were arrested at the scene in connection with the death.Frontenac OPP said its members responded to a disturbance call shortly before 6:30 p.m. on Saturday and found the victim dead at the scene. They News The Canadian Press Power restored for thousands after severe thunderstorms, lighting strikes in Ottawa OTTAWA — Power was restored to thousands of Hydro Ottawa customers by Saturday evening after the National Capital Region was hit by a series of severe thunderstorms. The utility initially reported about 4,600 customers were without power in Canada's capital after pounding rain, lightning strikes and hail hit the city on Friday afternoon. By Saturday evening, fewer than 400 customers remained without power. Hydro Ottawa says due to the extent of the damage from downed power lines and trees, it ma WATCH: Fog early Sunday, still hot & humid, and milder highs returning WXII - Greensboro/Winston-Salem Videos Intense Lightening Seen in Wisconsin Amid Reports of Severe Weather Storyful News The Weather Network A stormy Sunday is on tap for much of the western Prairies Widespread instability will give rise to scattered thunderstorms throughout the western Prairies on Sunday. Some of the storms could turn severe News CBC Montreal Chinatown business owners, residents, raise neighbourhood safety concerns Eric Ku's family has owned and operated the restaurant Dobe & Andy in Montreal's Chinatown for decades. But lately, the current co-owner says he's thinking of moving the business after what he says has been an increase in violence and unpleasant interactions with the city's most vulnerable population.Recently, someone smashed the restaurant's front door window before stealing money. Another time, a drug user followed one of Ku's employees back into the restaurant after he had taken a smoke break News The Canadian Press French embassy in Niger is attacked as protesters waving Russian flags march through capital NIAMEY, Niger (AP) — Thousands of people backing the coup in Niger marched through the streets of the capital denouncing the country's former colonial power, and setting a door at the French Embassy ablaze on Sunday before the army broke up the crowd. The Russian mercenary group Wagner is operating in neighboring Mali, and President Vladimir Putin would like to expand his country's influence in the region. The new junta's leaders have not said whether they would move toward Moscow or stick with Soldiers declare Niger general as head of state after he led a coup and detained the president The Canadian Press African Union gives 15-day ultimatum to Niger junta to end regime but soldiers seek continuity Associated Press News The Canadian Press Record heat waves illuminate plight of poorest Americans who suffer without air conditioning DENVER (AP) — As Denver neared triple-digit temperatures, Ben Gallegos sat shirtless on his porch swatting flies off his legs and spritzing himself with a misting fan to try to get through the heat. Gallegos, like many in the nation's poorest neighborhoods, doesn't have air conditioning. The 68-year-old covers his windows with mattress foam to insulate against the heat and sleeps in the concrete basement. He knows high temperatures can cause heat stroke and death, and his lung condition makes hi News The Canadian Press Firefighter killed while battling Donnie Creek wildfire in B.C. A firefighter has been killed while fighting the massive Donnie Creek wildfire in northeastern British Columbia, marking the second such fatality in the province this month during this year's record fire season. The BC Wildfire Service has confirmed that a contract firefighter crew member was killed yesterday in the Prince George Fire Centre area, which includes the almost 6,000-square-kilometre Donnie Creek blaze. The offices of both B.C. Premier David Eby and Forests Minister Bruce Ralston say Firefighter killed while battling B.C. blaze Winnipeg Free Press A firefighter has been killed while battling a wildfire in British Columbia, Canada Associated Press News Global News Alberta plane crash: All 6 aboard dead near Kananaskis Village Alberta RCMP confirmed in an update on Saturday that one pilot and five passengers aboard a plane died after a late night crash in Kananaskis Country, Alta., about 100 km west of Calgary. Staff Sgt. Ryan R.J. Singleton said the aircraft left Springbank Airport near Calgary around 9:30 p.m. en route to Salmon Arm, B.C., for a church function. Health CBC Hamilton health-care workers are prescribing fresh fruit and veggies. Patients say it's the boost they need From a large paper bag, Maria Tunon pulls out a crispy bunch of red leaf lettuce, quarts of local cherries and potatoes, and fresh orange peppers, apples and cobs of corn. "It's nice quality and not expensive," Tunon said, smiling.Salad is on the menu tonight, she said, as prescribed.Community development worker Leah Jenzen runs FVRx program and sometimes adds to the boxes of produce grown in Compass Community Health's garden. (Samantha Beattie/CBC)Tunon is one of 30 Hamilton residents who are p News The Canadian Press 'Complacency' blamed for N.S. struggles with flooding, other climate disasters HALIFAX — On the night floodwaters swept through his Nova Scotia county, taking lives and tearing out bridges, Doug Pynch says he had trouble believing an emergency alert that flashed across his phone. It called for residents to evacuate to a civic centre in Newport, N.S., a community that was already seeing water accumulating in low-lying areas. The retired deputy fire chief said he soon found himself having to transport people in his large truck, as cars couldn't cross an intersection where wa Sports The Canadian Press Ireland still playing with something to prove in the last game of its Women’s World Cup debut BRISBANE, Australia (AP) — Following two narrow losses that ended its chances of advancing to the knockout stage on debut at the Women’s World Cup, Ireland remains motivated to play for more than just a result against Nigeria on Monday night. “We still have something to fight for," midfielder Lily Agg said. "That’s our pride, that’s our passion and that’s who we are as Irish players. We’re going to leave it all out there on Monday and, hopefully, do Ireland proud.” Ireland is yet to pick up a co Kerr available for must-win game against Canada in a boost for Women's World Cup co-host Australia Associated Press Women's World Cup: Republic of Ireland 'owe it to ourselves' to win final match BBC Business The Canadian Press Metro stores in Greater Toronto Area close as workers go on strike Toronto-area residents hoping to pick up groceries at Metro Inc. were greeted by closed doors and picket lines at many locations on Saturday as thousands of employees formally went on strike at 27 stores across the region. Some 3,700 members of Unifor Local 414 walked off the job shortly after midnight, effectively shuttering operations at the stores where they work. Picket lines had gone up at affected locations by 8 a.m., while stores staffed by unimpacted workers continued to operate as usual Politics The Canadian Press Facing legal peril, Trump calls on GOP to rally around him as he threatens primary challenges NEW YORK (AP) — At a moment of growing legal peril, Donald Trump ramped up his calls for his GOP rivals to drop out of the 2024 presidential race as he threatened to primary Republican members of Congress who fail to focus on investigating Democratic President Joe Biden and urged them to halt Ukrainian military aid until the White House cooperates with their investigations into Biden and his family. “Every dollar spent attacking me by Republicans is a dollar given straight to the Biden campaign, ‘Biden is too old’: Moderate Democrat mulls running for party’s White House nomination The Telegraph Rivals' silence at Iowa dinner shows Trump's dominance in 2024 race BBC News The Canadian Press Buckle up: New laws from seat belts to library books take effect in North Dakota BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) — Hundreds of new laws will take effect Tuesday in North Dakota, including greater enforcement of seat belt use and restrictions regarding gender identity, sexual content in public libraries and ownership of farmland by foreign entities. North Dakota's Republican-controlled Legislature adjourned April 30 after writing new laws and budgets for the next two years. Some contentious policy bills have already taken effect due to emergency clauses, which make legislation immediatel Sports The Canadian Press US faces Portugal with Women's World Cup future still up in the air AUCKLAND, New Zealand (AP) — The United States heads into its final group match at the Women's World Cup with questions swirling about the team's tactics. U.S. coach Vlatko Andonovski started the same lineup against Netherlands on Thursday that he rolled out for the opening match against Vietnam. While it was enough for the United States to beat the Vietnamese 3-0, it was less successful against the stronger Dutch, and the Americans settled for a 1-1 draw. That lineup had never played together b ‘I’m still gonna bust your ass’: Rapinoe happy with bench role at final World Cup The Guardian Savannah DeMelo's ability to speak Portuguese may help US in critical Women's World Cup match Associated Press Sports The Canadian Press New Zealand out of Women's World Cup following 0-0 draw with Switzerland; Swiss into knockouts DUNEDIN, New Zealand (AP) — New Zealand outshot Switzerland and even moved goalkeeper Victoria Esson into an attack position several times, but failed to break a 0-0 tie Sunday in the Women’s World Cup and became the first host nation to be eliminated in group play in tournament history. The Football Ferns are co-hosting the World Cup with Australia, which must win Monday against Canada to avoid its own early elimination. Switzerland advanced to the round of 16. The Swiss also played to a scorel Women's World Cup 2023: New Zealand fans react with 'disappointment' and 'pride' after exit BBC Women's World Cup co-host New Zealand tries to avoid elimination in match against Switzerland Associated Press News Global News Controversy over Hong Kong's invitation to World Police and Fire Games in Winnipeg The World Police and Fire Games is underway in Winnipeg, but there's controversy over Hong Kong's participation at the event. As Mike Armstrong explains, critics say Hong Kong's police officers should never have been invited to the competition to begin with. News euronews Videos African Union gives Niger rebels 15-day ultimatum If General Omar Tchiani and his men do not yield, the AU has threatened to impose what it has called "extreme sanctions" on the African nation.View on euronews What to Read Next $60 Million Refund Request Shows Financial Pressure on Trump From Legal Fees The New York Times Chicago's Willis Tower Struck by Lightning During Severe Storms Storyful A woman's ex broke up with her right before their European vacation. She took her dad instead and they became closer than ever. INSIDER Dua Lipa Wore Nothing But a Thong Underneath Her See-Through Mermaidcore Crochet Gown InStyle Firefighters still battling wildfires in coastal Syria Reuters Videos A 46,000-year-old worm found in Siberian permafrost was brought back to life, and started having babies Business Insider Do you need a biotracker? I tried 3 popular health trackers — here's my honest review Yahoo Canada Style 'Dukes of Hazzard' Star John Schneider Gets Emotional While Speaking About Late Wife Alicia Allain People Ancient Shipwreck Found Off Italian Coast Near Rome Storyful Cardi B hurls microphone at concertgoer who tosses drink at her onstage The Independent Russia's Medvedev: We'd have to use a nuclear weapon if Ukrainian offensive was a success Reuters Explosions Rock Moscow in Brazen Early-Morning Drone Attack The Daily Beast Adelaide Zoo Celebrates International Tiger Day With Enrichment Treats Storyful Loblaw locking up certain items in response to 'professional thieves' Yahoo Finance Canada Jamie Lee Curtis opens up about opioid addiction: 'My worst day was almost invisible to anyone else' Yahoo Celebrity North Korea vows to ‘annihilate’ U.S., says country will be terminated this century United Press International How heat waves are taking a toll on Canadians Global News TikTok Debunked: Does dyeing hair with blackberries cause damage? An expert explains Yahoo Canada Style Harry and Meghan Have Royal Invite to Balmoral—but Likely Won’t Go The Daily Beast Blue Jays' Matt Chapman rips manager John Schneider for pitching to Ohtani on Angels superstar's home run Yahoo Sports Canada Oregon Officials Remove Group of Trees to Stop Spread of Flat Fire Storyful Tennessee police stood by and watched a man drown for 13 minutes, lawsuit says INSIDER Ranked: 9 of the longest sniper kills of all time, from Vietnam to Ukraine Business Insider Norway battles record outbreak of bird flu Reuters Videos UFC 291: Justin Gaethje KOs Dustin Poirier for BMF belt, calls for lightweight title shot Yahoo Sports Canadian bedding brand Tuck is having a rare sale — here's my honest review Yahoo Canada Style Who's in, who's out: A look at which candidates have qualified for the 1st GOP presidential debate The Canadian Press Nigerian chess prodigy uses game as tool for change Reuters Videos A physicist says it's 'quite possible' a SpaceX launch punched a hole in parts of the Earth's atmosphere Business Insider Putin election candidates avoid mentioning Ukraine as war support plummets The Telegraph House Democrat Just Needs A Single Word To Sum Up Ron DeSantis And His 'Losing Battles' HuffPost Typhoon hits China after ferry capsizes off Manila Reuters Videos Can going to music festivals damage your hearing? An expert weighs in Yahoo Canada Style ‘After prayerful consideration,’ KC-area Catholic school kicks boy out to punish his mom | Opinion Kansas City Star Selena Gomez Ditches One-Piece Summer in the Perfect Barbiecore Bikini Glamour US heat wave intensifies, capping globe's record July Reuters Videos Michelle Yeoh Shares Behind-The-Scenes Wedding Photos: '19 years and YES!! We are Married!!' People Canada and Australia face off at FIFA Women's World Cup with elimination on the line The Canadian Press
