Stock Market, Finance & Business News | Yahoo Finance Canada Yahoo Mail S&P/TSX20,519.37+0.66% S&P 5004,582.23+0.99% DOW35,459.29+0.50% CAD/USD0.7545-0.25% CRUDE OIL80.67+0.72% Bitcoin CAD38,925.98+0.25% CMC Crypto 200639.20+0.48% GOLD FUTURES1,998.20+0.65% RUSSELL 20001,981.54+1.36% 10-Yr Bond3.9690-1.07% NASDAQ14,316.66+1.90% VOLATILITY13.33-7.49% FTSE7,694.27+0.02% NIKKEI 22532,759.23-0.40% CAD/EUR0.6846-0.60% The Canadian Press Salvage crews begin towing a burning cargo ship to a new location off the Dutch coast as smoke eases THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — Salvage crews started towing a burning cargo ship loaded with thousands of cars to a temporary anchorage location off the northern Dutch coast on Sunday after smoke pouring from the stricken vessel eased, authorities said. On Saturday night, the Dutch Ministry of Infrastructure and Water Management had said the Fremantle Highway was unlikely to be moved because of a southeasterly wind blowing smoke from the days-old fire over tugboats. But that changed Sunday. “The Business Insider Peter Thiel paid staff an extra $1,000 a month if they lived close to the office so they were more likely to work late, book says Michael Gibson, who worked for Thiel for five years, made the claim in his book "Paper Belt on Fire: The Fight for Progress in an Age of Ashes." The Canadian Press Donald Trump's defamation lawsuit against CNN over 'the Big Lie' dismissed in Florida A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit Donald Trump filed against CNN in which the former U.S. president claimed that references in news articles or by the network's hosts to his efforts to overturn the 2020 election as “the Big Lie” was tantamount to comparing him to Adolf Hitler. Trump had been seeking punitive damages of $475 million in the federal lawsuit filed last October in South Florida, claiming the references hurt his reputation and political career. Trump is a candidate for the 2024 The Canadian Press The ‘Barbie’ bonanza continues at the box office, ‘Oppenheimer’ holds the No. 2 spot NEW YORK (AP) — A week later, the “Barbenheimer” boom has not abated. Seven days after Greta Gerwig’s “Barbie” and Christopher Nolan’s “Oppenheimer” conspired to set box office records, the two films held unusually strongly in theaters. “Barbie” took in a massive $93 million in its second weekend, according to studio estimates Sunday. “Oppenheimer” stayed in second with a robust $46.2 million. Sales for the two movies dipped 43% and 44%, respectably — well shy of the usual week-two drops. “Barbe Yahoo Finance Disney's ESPN streaming transition to be 'massive, extra disruptive event' Analysts say Disney's plans to take ESPN fully over-the-top will be difficult amid shifting consumer viewing habits and a fragmented media landscape. Business Insider The great Rolex recession is here: How the Fed crushed the luxury watch boom The secondhand watch market has sunk to its lowest level in over two years, according to the WatchCharts index. Bloomberg ECB Could Hike Again Even After a Pause, Lagarde Tells Le Figaro (Bloomberg) -- Tune into the Stephanomics podcast, subscribe here for the Bloomberg Economics Daily newsletter and follow us @economics.Most Read from BloombergStocks Are Doing So Well That It May Be Time to Start WorryingBurning Ship’s Operator Says Almost 500 EVs Are on BoardBodegas Put on Notice as Visa Fights Back on Card SurchargesStocks Crush ‘Year of Bond’ in Biggest Sentiment Shift Since ‘99The Pizza That’s Taking Over the USAny pause at an European Central Bank monetary-policy meeting c The Canadian Press One person is dead and multiple were wounded in Indiana shooting, police say MUNCIE, Ind. (AP) — A shooting at a large party in Indiana early Sunday morning left one person dead, police said. A hospital said 19 people were being treated for injuries at its facility. Muncie police responded to multiple reports of gunfire on the city's east side just after 1 a.m., The Star Press reported. Police said in a news release that there was no active threat to the community and that “multiple” victims were injured, including some critically. “Due to the number of victims and natur The Canadian Press A boom in apartment construction is helping to curb rents but not all renters will benefit LOS ANGELES (AP) — When viewed through a wide lens, renters across the U.S. finally appear to be getting some relief, thanks in part to the biggest apartment construction boom in decades. Median rent rose just 0.5% in June, year over year, after falling in May for the first time since the pandemic hit the U.S. Some economists project U.S. rents will be down modestly this year after soaring nearly 25% over the past four years. A closer look, however, shows the trend will likely be little comfort Yahoo Finance Apple, Amazon earnings, July jobs report: What to know this week A critical jobs report and earnings from some of the nation's largest corporations await investors in the week ahead as the outlook for a soft landing in the Federal Reserve's fight against inflation is once again put to the test. Business Insider Blind and other anonymous forums are 'places of pure misery,' says Redfin's CEO – but also let workers 'speak truth to power' Redfin's Glenn Kelman told The Information about his mixed feelings, but Blind cofounder Kyum Kim says it lets employees "talk honestly about work." Business Insider A locked box in a locked space, and out of view from family: This strict list of rules shows Apple is really, really paranoid about early versions of its $3500 Vision Pro being stolen Apple has strict rules for app-makers getting early access to its Vision Pro. They must keep it it in a locked case and always in view when it's out. The Canadian Press Flying taxis are coming — eventually, to an exclusive few MONTREAL — From his suite on the 23rd floor of the Fairmont Dubai, Fethi Chebil surveys the luxury cars and driverless metro line unfurling to the horizon. “I can see the future,” says the Quebec-based CEO and founder of VPorts, which designs terminals for flying taxis. Chebil is referring with a wink to Dubai’s Museum of the Future, but he might just as well be describing the mode of transport he envisions high above the roads and rails of the desert city and beyond: flying cars. Air taxis, lon The Canadian Press Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week TORONTO — Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week: Home sales Some of Canada's largest cities will release their home sales figures for July this week. The Calgary Real Estate Board is expected to release its numbers on Tuesday followed by the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver on Wednesday. The Toronto Regional Real Estate Board will release its July home sales numbers on Thursday. Shopify results Shopify Inc. will report its second-quarter results after m Yahoo Finance Student loans: New loan servicers may complicate payment restart for borrowers Around 44% of federal student loan borrowers who begin repayment in October have a new loan service provider. Business Insider I'm a former Delta flight attendant. Here are my 6 unwritten etiquette rules when it comes to flying. Natalie Rader says you should never go to the lavatory with just your socks. She also says to be mindful of reclining your seat during meal service. Business Insider Ranked: 9 of the longest sniper kills of all time, from Vietnam to Ukraine The longest kill is accredited to an anonymous Canadian soldier fighting in Iraq against ISIS. Bloomberg Stocks Are Doing So Well That It May Be Time to Start Worrying (Bloomberg) -- US stock market traders are almost completely fearless now, which has some strategists bracing for a possible selloff. Most Read from BloombergStocks Are Doing So Well That It May Be Time to Start WorryingBurning Ship’s Operator Says Almost 500 EVs Are on BoardBodegas Put on Notice as Visa Fights Back on Card SurchargesStocks Crush ‘Year of Bond’ in Biggest Sentiment Shift Since ‘99The Pizza That’s Taking Over the USThe S&P 500 Index has gained 19% this year, pushing investors off Business Insider A United Airlines plane reportedly made an emergency landing just days after an emergency slide opened midair on the same jet The Aviation Herald reported that the Boeing 767 turned around after smoke filled the cockpit, just days after an evacuation slide deployed midair. Business Insider Spirit was named the second-worst airline in the US. Here's how I managed surprise fees on a flight from New York to Miami as a veteran low-cost traveler. Spirit's barebones product is not supposed to be the glamorous cabins sometimes found on Delta or JetBlue, but I don't fly it for the low fares. Bloomberg Banks to Limit Carbon Accounting in Stock, Bond Sales: Reuters (Bloomberg) -- Banks working on global carbon accounting standards for the finance industry seek to exclude most emissions related to stock and bond underwriting from their own footprint, Reuters reported.Most Read from BloombergStocks Are Doing So Well That It May Be Time to Start WorryingBurning Ship’s Operator Says Almost 500 EVs Are on BoardBodegas Put on Notice as Visa Fights Back on Card SurchargesStocks Crush ‘Year of Bond’ in Biggest Sentiment Shift Since ‘99The Pizza That’s Taking Over Bloomberg Dawn of Interest-Rate Pivots Unlocks Risk in EM’s Standout Trade (Bloomberg) -- One of the year’s top fixed-income trades is facing a critical juncture in Latin America as bond investors attempt to time pivots in US and local interest rates.Most Read from BloombergStocks Are Doing So Well That It May Be Time to Start WorryingBurning Ship’s Operator Says Almost 500 EVs Are on BoardBodegas Put on Notice as Visa Fights Back on Card SurchargesStocks Crush ‘Year of Bond’ in Biggest Sentiment Shift Since ‘99The Pizza That’s Taking Over the USCentral banks in the re Bloomberg The Mining World Turns to Saudi Cash for Critical Metal Supply (Bloomberg) -- A $2.6 billion deal announced last week has set the stage for a potentially landmark shift in the metal and mining investment landscape: the arrival of Saudi Arabia as a pivotal player. Most Read from BloombergStocks Are Doing So Well That It May Be Time to Start WorryingBurning Ship’s Operator Says Almost 500 EVs Are on BoardBodegas Put on Notice as Visa Fights Back on Card SurchargesStocks Crush ‘Year of Bond’ in Biggest Sentiment Shift Since ‘99The Pizza That’s Taking Over the Yahoo Finance Congress again ignores solving Social Security's looming insolvency issues After a flurry of activity this spring, bipartisan talks on Capitol Hill to stave off a looming insolvency for Social Security are on ice likely until after the 2024 election. Business Insider Lost samples from a secret army base reveal that Greenland's ice vanished 416,000 years ago. That means it could melt way faster than expected. The Cold War-era mission uncovered evidence of catastrophic melt when the atmosphere had 50% less carbon dioxide than it does now. Finance News Taxes Watchlists My Portfolio Real Estate My Screeners Tech Market Data Industry News Currency Converter
