Yahoo Menu Yahoo Mail Search SearchCancel Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content Judge tosses Trump's $475M 'big lie' CNN defamation suit District Judge Raag Singhal, a 2019 appointee of Donald Trump's, said that use of the phrase 'Big Lie' or similar statements are opinions that don’t meet the standard for defamation. CNN Dua Lipa Wore Nothing But a Thong Underneath Her See-Through Mermaidcore Crochet Gown Wish we could be part of her world. InStyle John F. Kennedy Allegedly Had an Affair With This Hollywood Legend Within an Hour of Meeting Them The more we learn about former US President John F. Kennedy’s personal life, the more it makes us raise our eyebrows. Right when you think you know everything there is to know about the controversial, mysterious Kennedy family, especially JFK, you get another allegation that has legs. while almost everyone knows about the rumored affair […] SheKnows Cardi B Pelts Microphone at Fan Who Threw Drink at Her Th rapper retaliated against her assailant. Cardi B Pelts Microphone at Fan Who Threw Drink at Her Alex Young Consequence of Sound Aaron Rodgers has a message for Sean Payton: "Keep my coaches' names out of his mouth" Robert Saleh took the high road in response to Sean Payton's recent remarks. Rodgers did not. ProFootball Talk on NBC Sports Megan Fox Is Literally Naked By A Creek In A Drenched Cottagecore Dress She embraced Mother Nature in sultry new photos. Women's Health ‘After prayerful consideration,’ KC-area Catholic school kicks boy out to punish his mom | Opinion Other St. John parents don’t see this decision as a pastor and principal standing up for orthodoxy, but for their own convenience. From Melinda Henneberger: Kansas City Star Trump PAC Wants Its Money Back As Legal Bills Pile Up Save America has shelled out $40 million so far this year in legal fees for the twice-indicted GOP frontrunner Rolling Stone Dating Expert Explains That Men Getting Sexually Rejected In Relationships Is The Same As Women Being Emotionally Rejected He's making a good point somewhere along the wrong road. YourTango Florida fishing boat seen 'shaking like an earthquake' as underwater predator pounces A Florida YouTuber captured aerial footage of a bull shark attack on his friend's boat. The shark rammed into the boat's stern and thrashed about its engines no less than eight times. Fox News Gwen Stefani & Blake Shelton Are Allegedly Butting Heads on Another Joint Activity It seems that along with allegedly butting heads over entering couples counseling, Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton are not on the same page on another subject: the concept of having a reality show together. Reality shows are not a new concept and quite a few families have entered the reality TV world stratosphere such as […] SheKnows Homeowner’s surveillance system catches ‘infuriating’ action by garbage collectors: ‘A lot of [it] is just a lie’ "That's how it often goes." The Cool Down North Korea vows to ‘annihilate’ U.S., says country will be terminated this century North Korea's Foreign Ministry this week vowed that the country would "annihilate" the United States, adding that the U.S. would be terminated this century. United Press International Explosions Rock Moscow in Brazen Early-Morning Drone Attack via Telegram / 112Several explosions rocked Moscow early Sunday morning in a drone attack that damaged a skyscraper, left at least one person injured, and shut down local airspace, according to local reports.The Moscow City business center took a direct hit in the attack, with footage from the scene showing debris and smoke apparently pouring from the building. Local outlet 112 reported that a security guard was injured in the strike, though Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said no injuries had been The Daily Beast 2 sisters went on a cruise touring the Bahamas, Jamaica, and Mexico. They came back with kilos of cocaine worth up to $40K in their luggage, feds allege. Federal investigator estimates the sisters had up to $40,000 worth of cocaine in luggage. INSIDER Mandy Moore Reveals Her 2-Year-Old Son Gus Has Gianotti-Crosti Syndrome "This is Us" alum Mandy Moore shares that her and husband Taylor Goldsmith's two-year-old son, Gus, has Gianotti-Crosti Syndrome. NBC Leonardo DiCaprio Spotted In St Tropez With Indian-British Model Neelam Gill After Reports He And Gigi Hadid Are In An 'Open' Relationship This article has been updated since its initial publish date to include more information re: Leonardo DiCaprio’s dating rumors Leonardo DiCaprio‘s rumored “open” relationship with Gigi Hadid appears to be *so open* that he do... SheFinds LSU Gymnast, 2023 SI Swim Model Olivia Dunne Poses in Black Sparkly Dress There’s nothing Livvy can’t do. Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Haley on new Trump charges: ‘You shouldn’t be erasing anything unless you have something to hide’ GOP presidential candidate Nikki Haley took aim at new allegations brought against former President Trump last week, saying that no one should erase anything unless they had “something to hide.” “I mean, none of that sounds good,” Haley told Margaret Brennan on CBS’s “Face the Nation.” “The same way it didn’t sound good when Hillary… The Hill Watch: Incredible Footage of a Brown Bear Catching and Killing a Moose in a River This video is an example of a bear's true power and skill as a predator Outdoor Life When my first marriage ended, I texted my high-school sweetheart. We're now celebrating our 3rd wedding anniversary. The writer broke a virginity pledge with her boyfriend at 17 but married someone else. Years later, she reconnected with her high-school sweetheart. INSIDER Ukraine shows off a sea drone that can wipe out Russian ships and is 'faster than anything in the Black Sea' The quick, deadly drones are designed to limit Russia's Black Sea Fleet. They are packed with explosives and can hit targets 500 miles away, per CNN. Business Insider After Jamie Foxx Broke Silence On Medical Incident, An Insider Dropped Alleged Details On How He Plans To Proceed With Career Moves Amid Recovery After Jamie Foxx spoke about his health scare, an insider dropped claims about how he plans on moving forward with his career. CinemaBlend Russia's Medvedev: We'd have to use a nuclear weapon if Ukrainian offensive was a success Former Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, who has sometimes raised the spectre of a nuclear conflict over Ukraine, said on Sunday that Moscow would have to use a nuclear weapon if Kyiv's ongoing counter-offensive was a success. Medvedev, who is deputy chairman of Russia's Security Council, a body chaired by President Vladimir Putin, said in a message on his official social media accounts that Russia would be forced to fall back on its own nuclear doctrine in such a scenario. Reuters Melania Trump Allegedly Decided To Keep Low-Profile Because of Strained Relationship With One of Donald’s Kids As many people know, the former first lady Melania Trump has been dwindling her public appearances to less and less over the past couple of years. And apparently, there are allegedly two major reasons why. While the surgeons of tell-all books have painted her in an unfavorable light, people are also alleging that her strained […] SheKnows Royal Author Thinks Meghan Markle Would Be 'Horrified' By Prince Harry's Suggestion To Potentially Move Back To The UK And End Royal Feud Could the royal feud be over by the end of the year? If we are to believe some royal insiders, Prince Harry, 38, *could* be interested in healing the years-long rift between him and his older brother, Prince William, 41, – but it’s apparently t... SheFinds Back Sign in Fp Home Mail News Finance Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Shopping Yahoo Plus More... Yahoo Sites Home Mail Search News Finance Entertainment Life Sports Fantasy Sports Weather Tech Shopping Tools Help Account Info View Desktop Version Careers About Terms (Updated) Privacy (Updated)
