Yahoo Finance - Stock Market Live, Quotes, Business & Finance News Yahoo Mail S&P 5004,582.23+0.99% Dow 3035,459.29+0.50% Nasdaq14,316.66+1.90% Russell 20001,981.54+1.36% Crude Oil80.67+0.72% Gold1,998.20+0.65% Silver24.48+0.44% EUR/USD1.1019+0.35% 10-Yr Bond3.9690-1.07% GBP/USD1.2850+0.40% USD/JPY141.1400+1.24% Bitcoin USD29,374.42+0.24% CMC Crypto 200639.20+0.48% FTSE 1007,694.27+0.02% Nikkei 22532,759.23-0.40% Apple, Amazon earnings, July jobs report: What to know this week A critical July jobs report and earnings from some of the nation's largest corporations await investors in the week ahead as the outlook for a soft landing in the Federal Reserve's fight against inflation is once again put to the test. Read More » Disney's ESPN streaming transition to be 'disruptive event' Congress again ignores looming Social Security insolvency issues Can AT&T and Verizon escape managed decline? Yahoo Personal Finance What is a named insured driver? A look at the differences between named insured, named drivers and excluded drivers when building and buying your auto insurance coverage. Yahoo Personal Finance Worried about when student loan repayments resume? These programs could help The Biden administration announced new measures that could help borrowers struggling with their payments. Taking advantage of these programs could help you reduce your payments, get your loans in good standing and avoid student loan default. Yahoo Personal Finance What classic car insurance covers – and doesn’t Classic car insurance covers the intangible value of your collectible or antique vehicle. It’s usually not expensive but does come with limits on how you use the car. Yahoo Personal Finance What does collision insurance cover? Collision coverage is auto insurance that covers repairs to your car if you hit an object or another car. Your lender may require it, but states do not. Scroll to continue with content AD Yahoo Personal Finance Custom parts and equipment insurance: What it covers If you’ve added flashy rims or other modifications to your car, you’ll need special insurance for those aftermarket parts. Yahoo Personal Finance What you need to know about car insurance deductibles Your car insurance deductible — the money you pay out of pocket toward a covered claim — can have a big impact on how much you pay for car insurance. Yahoo Personal Finance What is an unsecured personal loan? A lender issues an unsecured personal loan without requiring you, the borrower, to provide anything of value to guarantee it. Here's what you need to know. Yahoo Personal Finance What is a personal loan? If you need easy access to much-needed cash, a personal loan is a good option, especially if you have decent credit and a steady income. Here's how a personal loan works. Yahoo Personal Finance Will I be taxed on student loan forgiveness? Student loan payments will resume soon, and borrowers are taking another look at their debt. Some forms of loan forgiveness are taxable. If you aren't prepared, the taxes on student loan forgiveness can be significant. Yahoo Personal Finance How to get a personal loan with bad credit A personal loan can be a quick way to get cash. But what if you have a sketchy credit history? Here's how to get a personal loan with bad credit. Yahoo Finance Student loans: New loan servicers may complicate payment restart for borrowers Around 44% of federal student loan borrowers who begin repayment in October have a new loan service provider. Yahoo Finance Banking turmoil arrives in small-town USA with Heartland Tri-State failure A four-branch bank in southwestern Kansas became the fourth bank to be seized by regulators so far this year and the fifth to fold. Yahoo Finance GE stock surge shows it's possible to turn around a legacy company GE's stock is hitting 52-week highs, as it advances in its multi-year turnaround plan. Yahoo Finance IRS stops most home visits over employee safety concerns and scams The move may make it harder for the IRS and taxpayers to resolve tax issues as fast as before. Yahoo Finance Ready or not: Generation X faces bleak retirement horizon It's a grim retirement forecast for Generation X workers – those who are now between the ages of 41 and 56. Yahoo Finance Banks are still losing deposits. Just not the banks you might expect. The banks with sizable deposit declines in the second quarter were some of the biggest lenders in the industry. Yahoo Finance Stocks rally to end strong week as inflation keeps cooling: Stock market news today Stocks rose after another indicator showed inflation pressures continue to ease in the US. Yahoo Finance AstraZeneca plays up China, downplays patent loss in latest earnings: CFO AstraZeneca (AZN) reported strong earnings Friday, including $22 billion, or 4% revenue growth, in the first half of the year, and kept its 2023 forecast stable. Yahoo Finance Ron 'Dukakis'? How DeSantis's campaign looks like a meltdown from the past Ron DeSantis is running for president on his record as Florida governor. That doesn't always work out so well, as 1988 presidential nominee Michael Dukakis learned the hard way. Yahoo Finance This week in Bidenomics: The most elusive recession ever The economy continues to go Biden's way. The missing link: Voters aren't giving him credit. Yahoo Finance Sweetgreen: An 'unforgiving' reaction from Wall Street after big Q2 earnings miss Sweetgreen reported Q2 results after the bell yesterday. Wall Street was not pleased. Its stock has plunged some 13% since the announcement. Yahoo Finance Fed's preferred inflation measure shows cooling price increases in June Economic data on Friday showed cooling inflation and wage growth, an ideal development for the Federal Reserve amid its interest rate hiking campaign. Yahoo Finance Roku stock soars on Q2 earnings but ad headwinds loom, further challenged by strikes Roku stock soared double digits on Friday on the heels of solid Q2 earnings but a "muted" TV ad market will challenge the company in the back half of the year. Yahoo Finance The 'lingering uncertainties' for Johnson & Johnson in talc legal fight A judge is expected to rule soon on whether J&J can use a controversial bankruptcy strategy to dispose of roughly 100,000 claims. Yahoo Finance P&G CEO: Inflation is coming down, and here's how we see it impacting profits P&G CEO Jon Moeller offers up a promising outlook on inflation in the US. Finance Watchlists My Portfolio Markets News Videos Yahoo Finance Plus Screeners Personal Finance Crypto Industries Contact Us
