Yahoo Menu Yahoo Mail Search SearchCancel Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content Woman became closer than ever to dad on Europe trip A week before their 10-day trip to Portugal, a woman's ex broke up with her. INSIDER $60 Million Refund Request Shows Financial Pressure on Trump From Legal Fees The political action committee that former President Donald Trump is using to pay his legal bills faced such staggering costs this year that it requested a refund on a $60 million contribution it made to another group supporting the Republican front-runner, according to two people familiar with the matter. The decision signals a potential money crisis for Trump, who has so far refused to pay his own voluminous bills directly and has also avoided creating a legal-defense fund for himself and peop The New York Times Cardi B hurls microphone at concertgoer who tosses drink at her onstage It is the latest in a string on on-stage incidents for musicians The Independent Explosions Rock Moscow in Brazen Early-Morning Drone Attack via Telegram / 112Several explosions rocked Moscow early Sunday morning in a drone attack that damaged a skyscraper, left at least one person injured, and shut down local airspace, according to local reports.The Moscow City business center took a direct hit in the attack, with footage from the scene showing debris and smoke apparently pouring from the building. Local outlet 112 reported that a security guard was injured in the strike, though Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said no injuries had been The Daily Beast Dua Lipa Wore Nothing But a Thong Underneath Her See-Through Mermaidcore Crochet Gown Wish we could be part of her world. InStyle Harry and Meghan Have Royal Invite to Balmoral—but Likely Won’t Go REUTERS/Andrew KellyWelcome to this week’s edition of Royalist, The Daily Beast’s newsletter for all things royal and Royal Family. Subscribe here to get it in your inbox every Sunday.Harry and Meghan are sort-of invited to BalmoralPrince Harry and Meghan Markle have an “open invitation” to visit King Charles and the rest of the family at the royal retreat in Scotland, Balmoral, this summer, according to the Mail on Sunday. No surprises for guessing that they are, however, very much not expected The Daily Beast North Korea vows to ‘annihilate’ U.S., says country will be terminated this century North Korea's Foreign Ministry this week vowed that the country would "annihilate" the United States, adding that the U.S. would be terminated this century. United Press International Putin election candidates avoid mentioning Ukraine as war support plummets Vladimir Putin’s candidates for local elections in Russia are avoiding talking about the war in Ukraine amid fears that it could lose them votes, according to opposition media. The Telegraph Kendall Jenner Basically Went Topless in This Foolproof Summer Wardrobe Staple That Goes With Everything Steal her look with these six options. InStyle ‘After prayerful consideration,’ KC-area Catholic school kicks boy out to punish his mom | Opinion Other St. John parents don’t see this decision as a pastor and principal standing up for orthodoxy, but for their own convenience. From Melinda Henneberger: Kansas City Star Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan ordered to 'cover up or leave' Barbados bistro On holiday with her three young kids, Helen Flanagan was left slightly embarrassed when bistro staff requested that she wear more clothes in the establishment. Yahoo Celebrity UK Michelle Yeoh Shares Behind-The-Scenes Wedding Photos: '19 years and YES!! We are Married!!' The actress, 60, married her longtime beau ex-Ferrari CEO Jean Todt in an intimate ceremony in Geneva on Thursday People Russia's Medvedev: We'd have to use a nuclear weapon if Ukrainian offensive was a success Former Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, who has sometimes raised the spectre of a nuclear conflict over Ukraine, said on Sunday that Moscow would have to use a nuclear weapon if Kyiv's ongoing counter-offensive was a success. Medvedev, who is deputy chairman of Russia's Security Council, a body chaired by President Vladimir Putin, said in a message on his official social media accounts that Russia would be forced to fall back on its own nuclear doctrine in such a scenario. Reuters Ukraine shows off a sea drone that can wipe out Russian ships and is 'faster than anything in the Black Sea' The quick, deadly drones are designed to limit Russia's Black Sea Fleet. They are packed with explosives and can hit targets 500 miles away, per CNN. Business Insider Open letter penned by Sinead O’Connor to Miley Cyrus in 2013 goes viral An open letter written by Sinead O’Connor to Miley Cyrus has gone viral following the Irish music legend’s death aged 56.The Nothing Compares 2 U singer and the American popstar fell out in 2013 after Cyrus told Rolling Stone magazine her video for Wrecking Ball was inspired by O’Connor’s famous track. Evening Standard The 21 Best New Menswear Items to Buy This Week The hottest linen polos, leather sandals, mesh shirts, and more—handpicked by GQ editors.<p>Originally Appeared on <a target="_blank" href="https://www.gq.com/gallery/best-new-menswear-to-buy-this-week-7-28-23?mbid=synd_yahoo_rss">GQ<a><p></p></a></a> GQ ‘I wouldn’t touch [them] with anybody’s money’: Grant Cardone says these two big US cities are some of 'the worst markets to be in right now' for real estate investors — here's why A live AI chatbot test drew the investment guru's ire. Moneywise The Beckhams are a salutary tale for the Sussexes Grafting, rather than grifting, is key in work-obsessed America. But not everyone is successful in cracking the code to winning over the US. When David Beckham arrived in Miami in 2007 to promote “soccer”, few felt the Brit and his seemingly fame-hungry wife would make much impact. Harry and Meghan, meanwhile, were far more fêted than the Beckhams when they first landed on American soil. But as they are finding out, it’s a long game – and the Beckhams are a salutary tale for the Sussexes, who ar The Telegraph The Conners Spinoff We Need — and the Former Roseanne Star Who Has to Be a Part of It The Conners has far exceeded anyone’s expectations. Just ask leading man John Goodman. “It was just supposed to be like an eight-[episode] show-and-out thing at one point,” TV’s Dan Conner said during a recent interview. “But they picked us up again, and they keep picking us up.” Having risen from the ashes of the Roseanne […] TVLine.com Chris Christie compares Donald Trump and allies to 'the Corleones with no experience' 2024 presidential hopeful Chris Christie likened former President Donald Trump and his allies to the "Corleones with no experience." USA TODAY Ranked: 9 of the longest sniper kills of all time, from Vietnam to Ukraine The longest kill is accredited to an anonymous Canadian soldier fighting in Iraq against ISIS. Business Insider Parts of B.C. town under evacuation order as wildfire crosses U.S.-Canada border An evacuation order for more than 700 properties has been issued for the Town of Osoyoos after an out-of-control wildfire crossed into British Columbia from Washington. The Eagle Bluff wildfire is about four kilometres from the town in the southern Okanagan Valley adjacent to the U.S. border and has so far scorched 8.85 square kilometres of land. In addition to the evacuation order, the Regional District of Okanagan-Similkameen says an alert is in effect for more than 2,000 properties to be read The Canadian Press House Democrat Just Needs A Single Word To Sum Up Ron DeSantis And His 'Losing Battles' Rep. Jasmine Crockett declared that DeSantis has "only taken Florida down," and offered some blunt advice for his presidential campaign. HuffPost 'Dukes of Hazzard' Star John Schneider Gets Emotional While Speaking About Late Wife Alicia Allain "Every day I write a letter to heaven," the actor said in a recent interview People Halle Berry Is Completely Carefree While Skateboarding in a Bikini to Celebrate Leo Season The Oscar-winning actress, 56, tweeted a photo of herself wearing a white T-shirt and bikini bottoms People Jen Psaki Asks Ron DeSantis The Question That's Likely On Many Supporters' Minds The MSNBC host's mocking concern for DeSantis' floundering campaign pointed to serious issues. HuffPost Back Sign in Fp Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Movies Local More... Yahoo Sites Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Tools Help Account Info Careers About Terms (Updated) Privacy (Updated)
